Grid for The Starter kit (#2472)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-StarterKit/Widgets/Grid/Line-break/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# Line Breaker

> The Line Breaker is a very useful tool, that allows you to create a space between your columns by making the next column on the next row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Line Break is a very useful tool, that allows you to create a space between your columns and to ensure that the next column starts in a new row.
```

> Here you can see what the Line Breaker could look like on the front end:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see what the Line Break could look like on the front end:
```

![Quote image](images/Line-Breaker-Frontend.png)

> Here you can see what the Line Breaker could look like in the backoffice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see what the Line Break could look like in the backoffice:
```

![Price List](images/Line-Breaker-Backoffice.png)

> The options for the Line Breaker is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options for the Line Break is as follows:
```
